hey guys is Clayton here and I got a
review of the naztech vault waterproof
case um i got it for 22 dollars on
groupon but it retails at 50 bucks and
it is a great alternative to the
lifeproof if you don't have enough money
for that you can usually get it for
thirty-five dollars um some of the good
things are it's cheap and it kind of
looks pretty cool to me honestly all I
get hot style on this scratch is really
easy though you can see a couple
scratches on there I just got it today
and I really I'm kind of rough on my
cases ill and you do not have access to
your volume rocker you have actually
rottenmeier your silent vibrate switch
what everyone called it um these have
very nice feel to them the response you
have excess of your lightning and your
headphone but very narrow usually
probably have to use the stock stuff
that comes with home buttons nice um but
you can't use it with touch ID just kind
of bad vibe on fun and to take it off
you right here p lacrosse and you put
your you set your phone in here and then
after you're done with that you take the
case just fit this right here and
fitness at the top right there then all
I going to do is seal these over here
you push them in just like that
and works up the 66 feet which is
awesome and um that's all i have for you
guys today this is the nasdaq vault
series as for watching